[HESTIA] Since the dawn of time,
long before the gods' descended
to the Lower World...
[HESTIA] humanity is at war,
waged against a pure evil known
as "monsters."
(WIENE panting)
[PARTY MEMBER A] It's over
there! That way!
(WIENE gasp) (fear)
[GRAN] Don't let it get away!
(WIENE heavy breathing)
(WIENE trip) (pain)
(BIRD MONSTER roaring)
(WIENE terror)
[HESTIA] Scorned by civilized
society, even the gods are
powerless to save them.
(WIENE heavy breathing)
(BELL land) (gasp)
(WIENE scared)
A vouivre...
[HESTIA] For people and
monsters, living together in
harmony was never an option.
(BELL shock)
(WIENE scared) (cry)
[BELL, internal]
A monster that can cry...?
(BIRD MONSTER screeching)
(WIENE & BELL startled)
(BELL shock) (determined)
(grunt)
(BELL attack)
(BIRD MONSTER death)
(BELL conflicted)
[PARTY MEMBER A] Where the
hell's that little rat?!
(BELL notice)
[GRAN] It couldn't have gone
far, we need to find it!
[GRAN] Heya, kid! Have
you maybe seen a vouivre
pass through here?
[BELL] P-please... Can
you spare a potion, sir!?
[BELL] My friend got burned
really bad!
(GRAN thinking) (tsk)
[GRAN] Thanks for nothin'.
(BELL relief) (nervous)
(BELL surprised)
(WIENE whimper)
(BELL hesitant)
(ponder)
(BELL reassuring)
(WIENE shock)
[MIKOTO] Master Bell!
[BELL] Hey you guys...
[WELF] Where'd you run off to?
[WELF] We were worried something
happened after you disappeared.
Glad you're okay.
You know wandering off by
yourself on the 19th Floor
is very dangerous!
[HARUHIME] So, um... Master
Bell... Who is this?
Let's head back... we can
talk on the 18th floor.
(ALL confused)
[HARUHIME] Oh?
[LILI] Out with it, Master Bell.
[LILI] Who is this person and
where did she come from?!
Don't tell me you rescued a
mysterious girl and made yet
another mess for us to clean up!
(WIENE trip) (gasp)
(ALL shock)
(WELF jump back)
[WELF] The hell is that, Bell?!
(MIKOTO determined)
Wait, you guys! She's not-
[LILI] Get away
from it, Master Bell!
[LILI] What are you
even thinking?!
[LILI] You gonna keep it just
'cause it's got a pretty face?!
[LILI] If I didn't know any
better, I'd say you're treading
awfully close to "monster
fetish" territory!
(gasp) No! That's not--
Master Bell,
monsters are monsters!
[LILI] They are our enemy!
(BELL shock)
Bell, get out of the way!
[MIKOTO] Master Bell...!
[LILI] Well?
(BELL gasp)
(WIENE trying to talk)
[BELL] Huh? (notice)
[WIENE] B... Beh
(shock)
[WIENE] Bell...?
[BELL] Uh, yeah...
That's right... That's
me, that's my name.
Um-ah... Uh Bell...
Nuh-name is Bell?
Tell me you heard
that... It just spoke.
Y'gotta be kiddin'...
[LILI shock)
[HARUHIME] Master Bell... What
exactly happened to the two of
you?
[BELL] I spotted her on the
19th Floor...
being chased by adventurers and
attacked by other monsters...
She was shaking and crying.
[BELL] I want to help this girl.
Not a chance, Master Bell!
If we were caught harboring a
monster... Our Familia would be
done for!
Look guys... I
can't leave her.
(LILI sigh)
[LILI] Fine, do
whatever you want.
(WELF hesitant)
[BELL] I'm sorry everyone...
[BELL] Thank you.
What's our next
course of action?
Do we dare take her
back to the surface?
That's right. In the Dungeon,
she's at risk of being attacked.
[BELL] Let's take her home...
and talk to Goddess Hestia.
[WIENE] Take... home?
[BELL] Uh-huh.
Let's go to our house.
[FELS] There's trouble
brewing, Uranus.
[FELS] A monster possessing
intelligence has made contact
with an adventurer.
[FELS] They shall
exit Babel shortly.
[URANUS] And who might
this adventurer be?
[FELS] Bell Cranel.
The Little Rookie, eh? That's
one of Hermes' favorites.
[FELS] What say you? For good
or ill, the Hestia Familia
is currently the center
of the city's attention.
I must discern... whether
or not Hestia's children...
are up to the task of becoming
their beacon of hope.
[HESTIA] What did you just say?!
[HESTIA] O-of course I've never
heard of a talking monster
before!
(WIENE fear)
[BELL] I-I figured as much...
[HESTIA] Ugh! To tell you
the truth, it is kinda hard
to believe.
But uh... the poor thing
does seem scared though.
[BELL] Does that mean...
[HESTIA] Yeah... I say we keep
her here for now.
(BELL relief)
[HESTIA] Okay, so...
You got a name?
[WIENE] My name... is Bell.
Oh, uh, that's my name
actually... What's yours?
(WIENE surprised)
What is name... my name.
Guess she doesn't
have one.
Her species is referred
to as "vouivre"...
She doesn't seem to
have a name of her own.
C'mon... Ya' gotta
name her, man.
[BELL] Huh?!
[HESTIA] Welf is right, Bell!
[HESTIA] You're the one who
brought her home,
take responsibility for your
actions and be a good father!
(BELL hesitant)
(WIENE notice)
(BELL awkward)
Uh... then, uh...let's see...
How about "Wilusine" then?
Master Bell... isn't that a
name from a spirit fairy tale?
Yeah! It is! You like it?!
Well... it's better than what
I thought you'd come up with.
Nah, it's way too long...
Also kinda pretentious.
Very much so.
[HESTIA] In that case...!
How's about we just
shorten it to "Wiene"?
"Wiene"... you say?
(BELL notice)
Wie...ne...?
Wiene... is name.
Wiene name! I am... Wiene!
(HESTIA satisfied)
(HARUHIME gasp)
[HESTIA] Still, the
fact of the matter is,
this small girl is a monster....
So we need to gather
some information.
[HESTIA] We should split
up and look for clues.
[HESTIA] One. We need
to find out if there's
others just like her.
And two, if there's something
weird going on in the Dungeon.
[HESTIA] For now let's
keep this between us.
[HESTIA] Outside of Hephaistos,
Miach, and Take,
we don't want any of the other
gods or children sticking their
noses into our business.
[HESTIA] Anything you
can get your hands on.
[HESTIA] Search for leads
and report back to me.
[MIKOTO] And that's about the
gist of it. Do uh, you have any
theories?
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI thinking)
While it's rather
difficult to believe...
anything is possible.
There are things
in the Lower World
even we gods cannot anticipate.
[TAKEMIKAZUCHI thinking)
Mikoto... What are your
thoughts on all this? The
talking monster I mean?
[MIKOTO] I'm not sure...
[MIKOTO] She doesn't strike
me as being hostile...
in fact, she looks just
like an ordinary girl.
[MIKOTO] ...but I can't
shake this feeling.
[MIKOTO] I mean...
she's a monster...
And quite frankly
that bothers me.
[ADVENTURER A] You hear the
rumors? About the monster
who swiped a bunch of
dungeon supplies?
[ADVENTURER B] Y'mean the one
totin' a sword around?
I heard it showed its ugly face
on the middle floors, too.
[ADVENTURER A] Yeah, and it
roughed up those poor Rivira
bastards real good.
[ADVENTURER B]
I heard that, too.
[ADVENTURER A] Oh, look,
that's the one.
[WELF] No friggin' way... Damn.
[WIENE] What is the
big bright thing?
It's called the Sun.
It gives us our light.
I like it...
it's warm...
(HARUHIME sigh)
I think I like it up here!
This thing too stuffy... so...
I take it off! (struggling)
(BOTH shock)
No-please!
You mustn't, Lady Wiene!
(WIENE fall back)
You have to wear it, Wiene!
[BELL] Okay?
(WIENE irritated)
(tavern chatter)
[LILI] An Arve
spring water please.
[LILI] I'm wondering...
do you have any information...
on talking monsters?
[BARKEEPER] I can't say I do.
[LILI] Can you point me in the
direction of someone who may?
[LULUNE] I know a thing or two
that you might find interesting.
[LULUNE] I wouldn't expect too
much though.
[LILI] Mud Hound.
[LULUNE] Oh whoa...
someone actually knows
my nickname?!
[LULUNE] S'cuse me. I'll take
one mead, please!
[LILI] Go on...
[LULUNE] Hmm?
[LILI] Tell me what you know.
Y'see, I lost a pretty penny
in a bet the other day.
[LULUNE] Payin' off my tab might
be kinda tough, y'catch me?
(LILI annoyed)
(LULUNE satisfied)
(drinking)
(refreshing)
[LULUNE] Word on the street,
there are disembodied voices
echoing off the Dungeon walls
despite no adventurers in the
area.
[LULUNE] There are stories of
multiple voices talking at once,
and some say they've heard
singing on the lower floors.
[LULUNE] Aside from that...
You're not the only person
to come lookin' for a little
dirt on these talking monsters.
[LULUNE] Nobody takes the
rumors seriously, but it
seemed like these guys
weren't messin' around.
[LILI] Who exactly were they?
Ah... Honestly, that's
what I'd like to know...
...and well I'm under
orders to find out.
[LULUNE] I don't think
I've seen you before...
Who are you working for?
Most elves I know don't
like gettin' their hands dirty.
[LULUNE sniffing)
(LILI annoyed)
Oh, leaving so soon?
[LULUNE] I was hoping for
a bit more of a chit-chat.
[LILI, internal]
I'm being followed.
[LILI, internal] She's a
high-level adventurer...
[LILI, internal] I can't
afford to be picky.
[HARUHIME] Lady Wiene!
Are you interested
in a little meal?
You haven't eaten anything
since yesterday, have you?
[WIENE] A meal...?
It's, uh... just another
way to say "food."
(WIENE curious)
I'll join you guys as
well... So let's eat.
[WIENE] Kay!
(WIENE thinking)
Just give it a try.
(WIENE look)
(bite, eating)
(surprised)
(WIENE astonished)
That tasty?
Ta... sty...
I'm really happy
to hear that!
The rice balls were made by
Lady Mikoto... Help yourself!
(WIENE notice)
[HARUHIME] We also brought
some fresh fruit.
(WIENE thinking)
(bite, eating)
(HARUHIME hmm?)
(WIENE laughing)
(HARUHIME fall)
(BELL shock)
(WIENE humming) (bite)
(HARUHIME sad)
(WIENE happy)
(WIENE notice)
(WIENE sigh)
(WIENE grab & miss)
(BOTH happy)
[WIENE] Hey, Bell...
(BELL question)
The fruits...
they all smell really good!
Yeah, you're right...
They were sweet and
juicy weren't they?
[WIENE] And rice balls, tay-sty!
Do you think so too?
Mmhm... They were
really delicious.
(laughing)
(happy)
[WIENE] Bell! Bell! (giggling)
(BELL pain)
(WIENE gasp)
[HARUHIME] Master Bell?!
(BELL pain)
[HARUHIME] I'll get
the first-aid kit!
(gasp) O...Oh no...
Bell is... in pain?
(WIENE gasp)
[WIENE] Please, no... I...
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, Bell!
(WIENE upset)
(WIENE startled) (struggling)
[BELL] Don't worry.
(WIENE gasp)
[BELL] I'll be just fine.
(WIENE shock) (crying)
(BELL nod)
[WIENE] Bell!
[BELL] Huh? (laugh)
(WIENE laughing)
[BELL] (laughing) Now, now...
[WIENE] Bell! Bell! (laughing)
(HARUHIME notice)
(WIENE laugh)
(BELL happy) (notice)
(BELL confusion)
[HESTIA] I'm home.
[HESTIA exhausted)
[HESTIA] How'd it go, you guys?
[WELF] No luck here...
Couldn't find any real leads.
[MIKOTO] And well Lord
Takemikazuchi didn't
have any ideas either.
[LILI] Yeah same here.
It's a long story...
(HESTIA sigh) (notice)
[HESTIA] Bell?
[HARUHIME] Go on, Lady Wiene.
(WIENE surprise) (nervous)
[WIENE] Weh..welcome to home.
(WIENE afraid)
[WELF] Well it looks
like you two bonded.
[HESTIA] Wow, Haruhime... You'd
really make a great mom, huh!
[HARUHIME embarrassed)
(WIENE munch) (happy)
[WIENE] Tasty...
[WIENE] I like it Mikoto!
Uh... Oh... Thank
you very much!
You are really
good at cooking...
Haruhime told me that you
are the best in the kitchen!
No! I'm not! I still have a
lot of room for improvement.
But still...
Getting such genuine praise
warms my heart...!
[LILI] Lady Mikoto!
Have you already forgotten
that she's a monster?!
Don't let your guard down!
Don't be so uptight...
Miss Supporter.
At times like these,
it's important to keep
positive, isn't it?
[LILI] You're being way too
casual about this!
Aw, come on. Just relax!
[HESTIA] Here you go, Wiene.
Have some of mine, too.
(WIENE ahhh) (eating)
(LILI annoyed chewing)
[WIENE] (laughing) Tasty!
[HESTIA] (giggling)
I figured you'd like it!
Awe... You guys
are just too much.
[HARUHIME] Here.
(drinking)
Well, she's gotten a lot
more talkative, hasn't she?
Yeah. Since our
picnic earlier today.
Thing is... Squeaks
ain't the problem here.
You sure this is a good idea?
(BELL sigh)
(WIENE ahh) (eating)
[BELL] So... do you
not trust her either?
(HESTIA laugh)
[WELF] I just don't want 'em
to get their hopes up, y'know?
[HESTIA] C'mon, Miss
Supporter. Get over here!
[LILI] I'll pass, thanks though!
[HARUHIME] No need to be shy.
[LILI] I'm fine!
(BELL nervous laugh)
I bet this probably feels
like a huge weight
is off your shoulders.
Are you sad that she's not
glued to your side anymore?
(MIKOTO bashful/happy)
[HARUHIME] Say, "Ah."
[BELL] No, not at all. (happy)
(LILI annoyed)
[WIENE] How come Bell
isn't in bath with us?
(HARUHIME awkward)
(MIKOTO awkward)
[HARUHIME] Well, um...
[LILI] Master Bell is
a boy, do the math!
[HESTIA] Well, men and women
have a strange relationship...
It's tricky.
(WIENE thinking)
(WIENE wince) (shakes like a
dog)
(ALL yelling)
[MIKOTO content sigh)
[MIKOTO] I'm in heaven!
So whaddya think of the
bath? It's nice, right?
It... feels good!
(LILI blowing bubbles)
Is something the
matter... Lady Lili?
(inhale) This dumb Familia
has way too many people with
gigantic freakin' boobs.
(ALL question)
(LILI angry)
(ALL happy sigh)
(WIENE annoyed sigh)
I much rather spend
time with Bell!
(HARUHIME, HESTIA, MIKOTO shock)
(LILI annoyed)
[MIKOTO] Wiene wait!
[HESTIA] H-hold on a sec, Wiene!
[HARUHIME] Stop,
Lady Wiene! Come back!
[BELL] Huh?! Wiene?!
W..wait-! (scream)
(ALL tense)
[WELF] Tada... All done.
(WIENE excited)
[WIENE] So nice! Thanks, Welf!
[WELF] Sure! (chuckles)
(WIENE giggling)
(BELL poked) (amused)
[WIENE] So uh... does that hurt?
[BELL] Nope! I'm all right!
(WIENE joy)
(BELL surprise)
[WIENE] (giggling)
That's good! Bell! Bell!
(BELL face being played with)
[LILI] (sigh) What are you
acting so giddy for?
Claws grow back, y'know and
if they aren't filed down,
she could end up causing
some real damage!
(BELL] Well yeah, but...
(LILI shock)
[WIENE] Lili, do you hate Bell?
Where did that
come from...?!
[WIENE] Do you?
Well, I... I wouldn't
quite say that....
(LILI awkward)
(WIENE thinking)
[HARUHIME] I.. for one...
I do love Master Bell!
(LILI shocked)
(WIENE question)
Ditto... he's a cool ass dude.
(WELF pushed) (annoyed)
[HESTIA] Obviously I do, too!
As do I!
(LILI stammering)
[LILI] Okay fine! Lili
feels the same way!
[LILI] I love Master
Bell very much!
[BELL] Same here...
Me too...
I love all of you guys, as well.
(WIENE joy)
You all... You love Bell...
You all... loves each other?
(LILI embarrassed)
[WIENE] (giggle)
Bell is very warm!
(BELL happy)
[HARUHIME] Perhaps it's a
misplaced sense of pity... but I
find myself in the same boat...
Much like him...
I can't abandon Lady Wiene.
[MIKOTO] To be honest...
(HARUHIME notice)
I'm unsure of my own feelings.
However... when I
see her smiling...
it appears to be no different
than the smiles of our own.
[MIKOTO] If it's possible...
...and if we can foster
a close relationship...
[LILI] I'm almost positive...
that the gods are withholding
something about the Dungeon...
but I don't understand
why they choose to
hide it from all of us.
[WELF] Who really knows.
And yet they didn't foresee
our current predicament...
No matter how I look at it,
we've managed to insert
ourselves into an volatile
situation.
You agreed to bringin'
her back here... So why
worry about it now?
[LILI] I haven't agreed
to anything. I just quit
fighting it...
...with Master Bell being
a huge softie and all...
[LILI] We mustn't let our
emotions control us.
[LILI] If we aren't careful
around that girl... it'll
come back to bite us.
(WELF sigh)
[LILI] We can't go on
like this forever.
[LILI] After all,
she's a monster...
[BELL] Hey, uh, Goddess?
Don't you think sleeping in your
own bed would be a lot less...
cramped for everyone?
[HESTIA] Come on
what's the harm?
[HESTIA] I mean we're a big
happy family, aren't we?
[WIENE] It's really,
nice and warm in bed.
(BELL laughs)
[BELL] Where did you come from,
Wiene? Were there others like
you?
I don't know...
When I woke up... I was
by myself somewhere dark.
I have these dreams...
about people...
[WIENE] ...but in the dreams...
I attack them...
(BELL worried)
[WIENE] Claw at them...
bite at them...
rip them to pieces...
[WIENE] Everything
around me turns red.
[WIENE] In my dreams, I
always angry... but then...
it gets colder...
[WIENE] A bunch of people remind
me of you... They're protecting
someone from me...
[WIENE] My body gets colder...
and colder...
[WIENE] I feel empty inside,
like there's a hole in my
chest...
[WIENE] And those people,
they look so beautiful...
[WIENE] After that,
it is always the same.
[WIENE] I turn a bright red,
and then everything goes dark.
[WIENE] I scream for help...
but no one comes to save me...
[WIENE] It is a scary...
lonely dream...
[HERMES] And you traced these
monsters from the smugglers to
the buyer, is that correct?
[LAURIER] Yes... We found them
bound by chains in a cellar.
They were on an Elurian estate.
[HERMES] Lulune. You mentioned
something about a child who was
looking for leads on talking
monsters.
[LULUNE] Yeah. An tiny elf girl
I haven't seen around before.
I followed her, but she
ditched me... With a
god-awful stink bomb...
[LULUNE] (frustrated)
I lost her.
[HERMES] Our client's demands
are not negotiable.
We need to get as much
information as possible.
[HERMES] Gods Dammit...
This is a doozy... thanks
a lot... Uranus...
[HERMES] So...
The Ikelos Familia, eh...
(Ending Song, "over and over")
[HESTIA] Next time: "Monster."